Add Concept Exercise: `role-playing-game` (#364)
exercism/cairo: exercises/concept/role-playing-game/.docs/introduction.md

# Introduction

## Null-References

> If you have ever used another programming language (C/C++, Python, Java, Ruby, Lisp, etc.), it is likely that you have encountered `null` or `nil` before.

Reviewer: Python has `None` but not `null` or `nil` ... and `None` is not a null reference. It is a singleton. ;) I'm not sure if it fits the example well.

> The use of `null` or `nil` is the way that these languages indicate that a particular variable has no value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The use of `null` or `nil` is how these languages indicate that a particular variable has no value.
```

> However, this makes accidentally using a variable that points to `null` an easy (and frequent) mistake to make.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However, this makes accidentally using a `null` variable an easy (and frequent) mistake to make.
```

As you might imagine, trying to call a function that isn't there, or access a value that doesn't exist can lead to all sorts of bugs and crashes.
The creator of `null` went so far as to call it his ['billion-dollar mistake'][billion-dollar-mistake].

> [billion-dollar-mistake]: https://www.infoq.com/presentations/Null-References-The-Billion-Dollar-Mistake-Tony-Hoare/

Reviewer: I think we usually put links at the bottom of the file?

## The `Option` Type

To avoid these problems, Cairo does not use null-references.
However, it still needs a safe way to indicate that a particular variable has no value.
This is where `Option` comes in.

> Instead of having a variable which lacks a value, Cairo variables can use the `Option` enum.

Reviewer 2: Lines 15 - 18 can be shortened to something like `"Instead, Cairo variables can use the ``Option`` enum to safely represent the lack of a value."`

Author: How about: ``To avoid these problems, Cairo variables can use the `Option` enum to safely represent the lack of a value.``?

> This enum has two variants: `None`, Cairo's null-equivalent; and `Some(T)`, where T is a value of any type.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This enum has two variants: `None`, Cairo's null-equivalent; and `Some(T)`, where `T` is a value of any type.
```

It looks like this:

```rust
enum Option<T> {
    None,
    Some(T),
}
```

You can think of `Option` as a layer of safety between you and the problems that null-references can cause, while still retaining their conceptual usefulness.

## Using `Option`

Setting a variable to `None` is fairly straightforward:

```rust
let nothing: Option<u32> = Option::None;  // Variable nothing is set to None
```

However, if you wish for the `Option` type to carry a value, you cannot assign this value directly.
An `Option` type variable and, say, an `i32` type variable are not equivalent.

> You will need to use `Some`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You need to use `Some`:
```

```rust
let wrong_way: Option<i32> = -4; // This will not work

let right_way: Option<i32> = Option::Some(-4); // This will work
let another_right_way = Option::Some(-4); // Compiler infers that this is Option<i32>
```

> It's also for this reason that the following will not work:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For the same reason the following will not work:
```

```rust
let number = 47;
let option_number = Option::Some(15);

let compile_error = number + option_number; // Cannot add an i32 and an Option<i32> - they are of different types
```

> If you wish to get the value that is contained by `Some`, you will first need to check that it exists:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To get the value contained by `Some`, you need to first check that it exists:
```

```rust
let mut some_words = Option::Some("choose something to say"); // some_words set to something

match some_words {
    Option::Some(str) => println!("Here, we will {}", str),
    Option::None => println!("I've got nothing to say"),

> } // Prints "Here, we will choose something to say"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
} // Prints, "Here, we will choose something to say"
```

some_words = Option::None; // some_words now set to None

> // exactly the same match block as above

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// Exactly the same match block as above
```

match some_words {
    Option::Some(str) => println!("Here, we will {}", str),
    Option::None => println!("I've got nothing to say"),

> } // Prints "I've got nothing to say"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
} // Prints, "I've got nothing to say"
```

```

> Besides `match`, Cairo has other tools available for checking and accessing values contained within `Option`, but `match` should be familiar to you by now.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Cairo has other tools other than `match` available for checking and accessing values contained within `Option`, but `match` should be familiar to you now.
```

> Additionally, consider this a demonstration of why Cairo uses `Option` instead of a null-reference.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Consider this a demonstration of why Cairo uses `Option` instead of a null-reference.
```

The point is that **you _must_ check** whether or not the `Option` variable is `Some` (in which case you can go ahead and extract and use the value contained within), or `None`.

> Anything else, and your program will not compile; the compiler is keeping you safe from `null`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Otherwise your program will not compile; the compiler keeps you safe from `null`.
```
